my name is Tom Grant I was hired by
courtney love to find her missing
husband kurt cobain
an electrician made the shocking
discovery this morning their bona fide
man Kurt Cobain available man Kurt
Cobain is that
hiring me is not like hiring an attorney
it's not to protect you my job is to
find the truth
all kinds of red flags started clapping
she starts telling us these things that
just didn't save the American icon Tom
there was more to this than what I was
being told how could a guy accuse you of
killing your husband how can we don't
show this guy
later I remain professionally disturbed
by the way in which the Kurt Cobain case
was mishandled they allowed his body to
be cremated within 6 days they didn't
send the shotgun out for fingerprinting
for 30 days it's entirely possible that
a police officer no matter how
well-trained may not notice a particular
item of evidence to rule the case the
same day and to make a public
pronouncement is absolutely unacceptable
peace love empathy Kirko baby I examined
a practice sheet was found 40 love Zack
pack of different letters did have
combinations that are found in the
suicide note here Courtney's own lawyer
rosemary Carroll the godmother of
friends is being telling oh I think
someone what there is no book fast
passages that could be cobbled together
to citizen and trace them
Kurt after you can have Courtney's name
taken out of the will they were in the
middle of a divorce if Kurt Cobain
commit suicide Courtney inherits and all
they can deny it all the way to the bank
and actually people will believe me if I
design the top of the city is good
publicity to that degree how's that for
instead
after Kurt Cobain's death was announced
in the media this phenomenon of copycat
suicides began Kurt Cobain fans kids
I cannot think of a case in which
someone inject himself with a large
amount of heroin and then proceed to
kill himself it just doesn't make sense
questions could be answered if the
medical examiner would make public the
autopsy reports the death investigation
should have been handled different
very legitimate questions have been
raised questions and deserve answers
I would tell you right now that if I
were the chief today I would reopen this
investigation